Wait
Shit, should I tell him how I can't it's my family's lives in the line if it was Stephanie can you just
Go easy on her, please. I'm gonna do what's best for everyone. I need to see you
So you still haven't convinced know what that his company is taking you have to stop
You're gonna hurt a lot of innocent people. Oh, so Amelia Anderson is a saint now
You do realize you're not gonna be married to him forever, right?
Once o'clock runs out, you're gonna go back to a nobody rate waitress who doesn't have any money
See around sis
Where's your little boy toy?
The muscle man doesn't he just love to follow you around. That's a stay off. Why do you miss him?
You know, maybe I should have a mirror you next time so we can knock some fucking sense into you